hello hello welcome back to today's
video though so a month and a half ago
we said to you guys wouldn't it be great
if you sent us stuff for our peer box
learn the base stuff I think it was has
a bit of a joke we just thought we'd do
that every week we didn't do it every
week we did it once and then probably
forgot about it yes and because of that
we got loads mail one letter there's
more so should we open some yes alright
this one is from Ireland it's got a seal
on it so that's that's pretty great oh
no redness there's hair in this human
hair Oh honestly this shaped area
there's a lad he says oh my fucking god
is that bits of like scalp is that bits
of scale is that business gonna look
Mexican really sit right pull this down
get out of the way
oh my actual Jesus God my name is Luke
Thank You Luke I like the video things
what you do on YouTube you are a very
nice couple okay some genuine llama hair
oh it's llama hair there is a small
llama found in my house was shaped some
for you he did mind anyway goodbye
everyone
claps from Luke age 19 and a half
weapons Luke - indeed the llama
themeforest EULA rific no once that was
scary
yeah Thank You Luke thank you
indicate okay
moto it's Liam wearing the skin of a
llama obviously oh because I'm making
insides I get it
I enjoy this we've all learned something
today we learned something and I
appreciate that
oh wow that's me looking like Miley
Cyrus that's why I did a selfie on my
Instagram this is awesome I really like
this this is the best thing I've ever
seen in my entire I think this one might
be probably the best one we've got so
far oh oh wow it's it's me writing you
as a llama that's going to start on the
fridge that's being local reticle and
then this can go in the broth pop it in
the bottle airing the bra close to my
heart yes
so these layers have been absolutely
awesome if you want to send us a letter
and we will eventually read it out once
we get enough of them then you can use
the address for our peer box it's just
in the description and the new topic
will be a happy dolphin so um you could
draw a picture in write story your write
letter do everyone but happy dolphins is
is the now the thing that you can do
we've got one more video this year that
is on Christmas Day and it's going to be
incredible yeah it's a big fun moto type
quiz thanks for watching thank you bye
bye
we'll see you on Christmas Day goodbye